---
layout: class
title: ECE 302
permalink: /ece302/
description:
nav: true
nav_order: 4
display_categories: false
horizontal: true
---



>**Time:** Tuesday & Thursday from 4:30pm - 5:45pm
>
>**Loction:** Nelson Hall of Food Science 1195
>
> [Syllabus](docs/syllabus_ece302_fall24.pdf)

<br>
## Teaching Staff
---


*Instructor*: Kent Gauen, gauenk@purdue.edu


*Graduate TA* (GTAs): (Name, Email)

- TBD


*Undergraduate TAs* (UTAs): (Name, Email)

- TBD


<br>
## Textbook
---


Our textbook is ["Introduction to Probability for Data Science"](https://probability4datascience.com/ ) by Prof. Stanley Chan.

Another great online resource is "Statistical Rethinking: A Bayesian Course with Examples in R and Stan" with freely available notes and homework problems [https://github.com/rmcelreath/stat_rethinking_2023 linked here].



<br>
## Office Hours
---


<iframe height=250 width="100%" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQv4QYyJxRmdi3N9SCH6l_LYf2_BnWKHkp-bu-JxvumZmZT2X2kUZlrCjax3LLHjjNJDf7Bujw_uT0w/pubhtml?gid=0&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>


<br>
## Grades
---


The grades will be curved. The breakdown is below:
- Homework: 35%. Lowest HW score is dropped.
- Midterm Exam 1: 20%
- Midterm Exam 2: 20%
- Final Exam: 25%

<br>
## Exams
---

The midterms are scheduled for September 19th and October 31st. Unless the circumstance is exceptional, we do not offer make-up exams.

Midterm 1 will test the topics colored blue. Midterm 2 will test the topics colored green. The Final Exam covers all course content.

<br>
## Homework
---

Homework is posted to Gradescope and due Fridays at 11:59pm. Homework solutions are linked on the front page of Brightspace. Homework assignments are graded by randomly selecting a few problems (maybe one or two) and grading for correctness. All homeworks are equally weighted.

<br>
## DRC
---


Please submit your requests through the DRC and take your exams through their office.





